Now, any treatment of FinTech
would be remiss if we
didn't include areas
besides robos, although,
of course, those are
often the kinds of
FinTech players that
people pay attention to.
One example is the growing
Insurtech market,
a market where both for property,
casualty, life and health,
and other insurances, including
financial product insurances
like variable annuities,
we're seeing increased
deal flow coming in.
For example, on the CB Insights
quarterly Insurtech briefing from
the last quarter of 2018
shows dramatic increases,
recently in both silos;
namely life and health,
and property and casualty,
having grown from
just five years ago.
In other words, we see
about $1.6 billion
having been funded in
Insurtech in the fourth
quarter of 2018.
A recent peak, the most
recent before that was
just under two billion dollars
in the second quarter of 2015.
Once again, we see
pro-cyclicality and we see
correlation across
components like
property and casualty,
and life and health.